<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

<h3 align='center'>talk</h3>
<p align='center'>
  A tool to convert traditional writing across languages into a normalized form.
</p>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## Welcome

A bunch of utils for transforming traditional orthography into
[Read Text](https://github.com/nerdbond/read), which makes it available
as well for [Tone Text](https://github.com/nerdbond/tone), amongst other
things. Basically thing normalizes the way you write pronunciation, into
a more human readable (and easier to type on the computer) form.

Check out the
[`./code`](https://github.com/nerdbond/link/blob/make/code) folder for
the list of languages we are starting to work on. It's not always
possible to do this across every language, especially on a language like
English, where it is impossible to generate pronunciation based on
written words. You must memorize individual cases in English, and in
some other languages. However, some languages do have the ability to get
pretty close to correct pronunciation based purely on the native
spelling, which is pretty cool. Taking advantage of that fact here!

## License

Copyright 2021-2023 <a href='https://nerd.bond'>NerdBond</a>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## NerdBond

This is being developed by the folks at [NerdBond](https://nerd.bond), a
California-based project for helping humanity master information and
computation. Find us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nerdbond),
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nerdbond), and
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nerdbond). Check out our other
[GitHub projects](https://github.com/nerdbond) as well!
